The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.
Greetings from the real universe.
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
Let me help you with your baggage.
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.
She did her best to help him.
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.
Too many prisons have become early coffins.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.